[EDU-3657] feat: add managed config (#555)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/main-menu/reference/services/integration-services/managed-configurations.mdx

---
title: Managed Configurations

> description: The Managed Configurations service provides management and control over your Azion edge infrastructure configurations. By acquiring this service, a team of experienced engineers can perform certain day-to-day tasks on your behalf, such as configuring, monitoring, and maintaining the configurations for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: By acquiring this service, a team of experienced engineers can perform certain day-to-day tasks on your behalf, such as configuring, monitoring, and maintaining the configurations for you.
```

Reviewer: To be shorter and more descriptive about the content.

meta_tags: services, managed configuration, configurations, settings
namespace: documentation_services_managed_configuration
permalink: /documentation/services/managed-configurations/
---

> The **Managed Configurations** service provides management and control over your Azion edge infrastructure configurations. By acquiring this service, a team of experienced engineers can perform certain day-to-day tasks on your behalf, such as configuring, monitoring, and maintaining the configurations.

Author: ```suggestion
The **Managed Configurations** service provides management and control over your Azion edge infrastructure configurations. This service employs the expertise of a team of experienced engineers to tackle certain day-to-day tasks on your behalf, such as configuring, monitoring, and maintaining the configurations.
```

> The **Managed Configurations** service provides management and control over your Azion edge infrastructure configurations. By acquiring this service, a team of experienced engineers can perform certain day-to-day tasks on your behalf, such as configuring, monitoring, and maintaining the configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Managed Configurations** service provides management and control over your Azion's edge infrastructure. By acquiring this service, a team of experienced engineers can perform certain day-to-day tasks on your behalf, such as configuring, monitoring, and maintaining the configurations.
```

> The Managed Configuration service is operated by Azion's Solutions Architects team, which will be responsible for implementing configuration changes requested by the Azion customer. To request the Managed Configuration service for applications running on Azion, [open a Support Ticket](https://tickets.azion.com/). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Managed Configuration service is operated by the Azion's Solutions Architects team, which will be responsible for implementing configuration changes requested by the Azion customer. To request the Managed Configuration service for applications running on Azion, [open a Support Ticket](https://tickets.azion.com/). 
```

> The Managed Configuration service is operated by Azion's Solutions Architects team, which will be responsible for implementing configuration changes requested by the Azion customer. To request the Managed Configuration service for applications running on Azion, [open a Support Ticket](https://tickets.azion.com/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Managed Configuration service is operated by Azion's Solutions Architects team, which will be responsible for implementing configuration changes requested by you, as the Azion customer. To request the Managed Configuration service for applications running on Azion, [open a Support Ticket](https://tickets.azion.com/). 
```

:::note

> This add-on is available for the **Enterprise** and **Mission Critical** Service Plans. This service has a monthly package with a fixed pricing, limited by configuration request. Each service request yields one configuration change. See [Pricing](https://www.azion.com/en/pricing/) for more information on how this service incurs charges.

Author: ```suggestion
This add-on is available for the **Enterprise** and **Mission Critical** Service Plans. This service has a monthly package with a fixed pricing, limited by configuration request. Each request for this service accounts for one configuration change. See [Pricing](https://www.azion.com/en/pricing/) for more information on how this service incurs charges.
```

> This add-on is available for the **Enterprise** and **Mission Critical** Service Plans. This service has a monthly package with a fixed pricing, limited by configuration request. Each service request yields one configuration change. See [Pricing](https://www.azion.com/en/pricing/) for more information on how this service incurs charges.

Reviewer 2: Each service request yields one configuration change. --> não ficou muito claro pra mim

> This add-on is available for the **Enterprise** and **Mission Critical** Service Plans. This service has a monthly package with a fixed pricing, limited by configuration request. Each service request yields one configuration change. See [Pricing](https://www.azion.com/en/pricing/) for more information on how this service incurs charges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This add-on is available for the **Enterprise** and **Mission Critical** Service Plans. This service has a monthly package with fixed pricing, limited by configuration requests. Each service request yields one configuration change. See [Pricing](https://www.azion.com/en/pricing/) for more information on how this service incurs charges.
```

:::

> 
> ## Scope

Reviewer: ```suggestion

---

## Scope
```

> The table below outlines the products and capabilities included, as well as the major configurations under the scope of **Managed Configurations**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The table below outlines the products and features included, as well as the major configurations under the scope of **Managed Configurations**.
```

> | Products and capabilities | Configurations |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Products and features | Configurations |
```

| --- | --- |

> | **Edge Application**<br></br>Application Acceleration <br></br>Edge Caching<br></br>Edge Functions<br></br>Image Processor<br></br>Load Balancer<br></br>L2 Caching | Manage modules <br></br>Manage configurations related to modules<br></br>Change edge application settings<br></br>Change cache settings<br></br>Change functions<br></br>Change error responses<br></br>Change rules engine<br></br>Change origins |

Reviewer 2: deveria ser Change rules ao invés de Change rules engine?

> | **Edge Application**<br></br>Application Acceleration <br></br>Edge Caching<br></br>Edge Functions<br></br>Image Processor<br></br>Load Balancer<br></br>L2 Caching | Manage modules <br></br>Manage configurations related to modules<br></br>Change edge application settings<br></br>Change cache settings<br></br>Change functions<br></br>Change error responses<br></br>Change rules engine<br></br>Change origins |

Reviewer: Should content in configuration start with a gerund? cc @hannah-sk

| **Digital Certificates** | Install certificates<br></br>Renew certificates<br></br>Configure and parametrize exceptions |
| **Real-Time Purge** | Purge edge cache<br></br>Purge L2 cache |
| **Domains** | Change domain settings |
| **Edge Firewall**<br></br>Network Layer Protection<br></br>Web Application Firewall<br></br>Network Lists | Change firewall settings<br></br>Change WAF policy configurations<br></br>Create custom WAF rules<br></br>Create custom network lists<br></br>Define the settings for geo blocking |
| **Intelligent DNS** | Create zones<br></br>Manage records | 
| **Edge Orchestrator**<br></br>Edge Services<br></br>Edge Nodes | Manage edge services <br></br>Change edge node settings |
| **Data Streaming** | Create data streamings<br></br>Manage data streamings |
| **Real-Time Metrics** | Retrieve data |
| **Real-Time Events** | Provide data logs |

> 
> ## Out-of-scope activities

Reviewer: ```suggestion

---

## Out-of-scope activities
```

- **Technical support**: all [technical support tickets](/en/documentation/products/guides/open-tickets/) must be opened through Azion's official support channels and will be assigned to the appropriate team.

> - **Support to other providers**: this service doesn't provide support to any infrastructure and applications that aren't running on Azion or Azion Marketplace integrations provided by third-party vendors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Support to other providers**: this service doesn't provide support to any infrastructure and applications that aren't running on Azion or through Azion Marketplace integrations provided by third-party vendors.
```

- **Mitigate workload failures or DDoS attacks**: the [Security Response Team](/en/documentation/services/security-response-team/) provides the service to mitigate workload failures and DDoS attacks.

> - **Security audits**: this service doesn't perform security audits. Azion provides compliance support for Azion products, such as SOC 2/3, PCI, FIPS 140 Level 3, and Edge Network Custom Maps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Security audits**: this service doesn't perform security audits. Azion provides compliance support for Azion's products, such as **SOC 2/3**, **PCI**, **FIPS 140 Level 3**, and **Edge Network Custom Maps**.
```

The Managed Configuration service is operated by the Azion's Solutions Architects team, which will be responsible for implementing configuration changes requested by the Azion customer. To request the Managed Configuration service for applications running on Azion, [open a Support Ticket](https://tickets.azion.com/). 

:::note
This add-on is available for the **Enterprise** and **Mission Critical** Service Plans. This service has a monthly package with a fixed pricing, limited by configuration request. Each request for this service accounts for one configuration change. See [Pricing](https://www.azion.com/en/pricing/) for more information on how this service incurs charges.
:::

---

## Scope

The table below outlines the products and features included, as well as the major configurations under the scope of **Managed Configurations**.

| Products and features | Configurations |
| --- | --- |

> | **Edge Application**<br></br>Application Acceleration <br></br>Edge Caching<br></br>Edge Functions<br></br>Image Processor<br></br>Load Balancer<br></br>L2 Caching | Manage modules <br></br>Manage configurations related to modules<br></br>Change edge application settings<br></br>Change cache settings<br></br>Change functions<br></br>Change error responses<br></br>Change rules engine<br></br>Change origins |

Author: ```suggestion
| **Edge Application**<br></br>Application Acceleration <br></br>Edge Caching<br></br>Edge Functions<br></br>Image Processor<br></br>Load Balancer<br></br>L2 Caching | Manage modules <br></br>Manage configurations related to modules<br></br>Change edge application settings<br></br>Change cache settings<br></br>Change functions<br></br>Change error responses<br></br>Change rules<br></br>Change origins |
```

---
title: Managed Configurations

> description: By acquiring this service, a team of experienced engineers can perform certain day-to-day tasks on your behalf, such as configuring, monitoring, and maintaining the configurations for you.

Author: ```suggestion
description: Managed Configurations employs the expertise of a team of experienced engineers to tackle certain day-to-day tasks on your behalf, such as configuring, monitoring, and maintaining your configurations.
```

> description: Managed Configurations employs the expertise of a team of experienced engineers to tackle certain day-to-day tasks on your behalf, such as configuring, monitoring, and maintaining your configurations.

Author: ```suggestion
description: Managed Configurations employs the expertise of a team of experienced engineers to tackle certain day-to-day tasks on your behalf, such as configuring and maintaining your configurations.
```

meta_tags: services, managed configuration, configurations, settings
namespace: documentation_services_managed_configuration
permalink: /documentation/services/managed-configurations/
---

> The **Managed Configurations** service provides management and control over your Azion edge infrastructure configurations. This service employs the expertise of a team of experienced engineers to tackle certain day-to-day tasks on your behalf, such as configuring and maintaining your configurations.

Author: ```suggestion
The **Managed Configurations** service provides management and control over your Azion edge infrastructure. This service employs the expertise of a team of experienced engineers to tackle certain day-to-day tasks on your behalf, such as configuring and maintaining your configurations.
```

> The **Managed Configurations** service provides management and control over your Azion edge infrastructure configurations. This service employs the expertise of a team of experienced engineers to tackle certain day-to-day tasks on your behalf, such as configuring, monitoring, and maintaining the configurations.

Author: ```suggestion
The **Managed Configurations** service provides management and control over your Azion edge infrastructure configurations. This service employs the expertise of a team of experienced engineers to tackle certain day-to-day tasks on your behalf, such as configuring, monitoring, and maintaining your configurations.
```

> The **Managed Configurations** service provides management and control over your Azion edge infrastructure configurations. This service employs the expertise of a team of experienced engineers to tackle certain day-to-day tasks on your behalf, such as configuring, monitoring, and maintaining your configurations.

Author: ```suggestion
The **Managed Configurations** service provides management and control over your Azion edge infrastructure configurations. This service employs the expertise of a team of experienced engineers to tackle certain day-to-day tasks on your behalf, such as configuring and maintaining your configurations.
```

> The Managed Configuration service is operated by solution architects, who are responsible for implementing configuration changes requested by the Azion customer. To request the Managed Configuration service for applications running on Azion, [open a Support Ticket](https://tickets.azion.com/). 

Author: ```suggestion
The Managed Configuration service is operated by solution architects, who are responsible for implementing configuration changes requested by you, as the Azion customer. To request the Managed Configuration service for applications running on Azion, [open a Support Ticket](https://tickets.azion.com/). 
```

> The Managed Configuration service is operated solution architects, who are responsible for implementing configuration changes requested by the Azion customer. To request the Managed Configuration service for applications running on Azion, [open a Support Ticket](https://tickets.azion.com/). 

Author: ```suggestion
The Managed Configuration service is operated by solution architects, who are responsible for implementing configuration changes requested by the Azion customer. To request the Managed Configuration service for applications running on Azion, [open a Support Ticket](https://tickets.azion.com/). 
```

> The Managed Configuration service is operated by the Azion's Solutions Architects team, which will be responsible for implementing configuration changes requested by the Azion customer. To request the Managed Configuration service for applications running on Azion, [open a Support Ticket](https://tickets.azion.com/). 

Author: ```suggestion
The Managed Configuration service is operated by the Azion's Solutions Architects team, who is responsible for implementing configuration changes requested by the Azion customer. To request the Managed Configuration service for applications running on Azion, [open a Support Ticket](https://tickets.azion.com/). 
```

:::note

> This add-on is available for the **Enterprise** and **Mission Critical** Service Plans. This service has a monthly package with a fixed pricing, limited by configuration request. Each request for this service accounts for one configuration change. See [Pricing](https://www.azion.com/en/pricing/) for more information on how this service incurs charges.

Author: ```suggestion
This add-on is available for the **Enterprise** and **Mission Critical** Service Plans. This service has a monthly package with fixed pricing, limited by configuration requests. Each request for this service accounts for one configuration change. See [Pricing](https://www.azion.com/en/pricing/) for more information on how this service incurs charges.
```

> This add-on is available for the **Enterprise** and **Mission Critical** Service Plans. This service has a monthly package with a fixed pricing, limited by configuration request. Each request for this service accounts for one configuration change. See [Pricing](https://www.azion.com/en/pricing/) for more information on how this service incurs charges.

Author: @hannah-sk agora ficou melhor?
